Update `sctk-adwaita` (#2438)
rust-windowing/winit: CHANGELOG.md

- On Windows, added `WindowExtWindows::set_undecorated_shadow` and `WindowBuilderExtWindows::with_undecorated_shadow` to draw the drop shadow behind a borderless window.
- On Windows, fixed default window features (ie snap, animations, shake, etc.) when decorations are disabled.
- On macOS, add support for two-finger touchpad magnification and rotation gestures with new events `WindowEvent::TouchpadMagnify` and `WindowEvent::TouchpadRotate`.

> - On Wayland, `wayland-csd-adwaita` now uses `ab_glyph` instead of `crossfont`. A new `wayland-csd-adwaita-crossfont` feature was added to continue using `crossfont` instead.

Reviewer: Could you split those into 2 messages.

Author: Done.

- On Windows, added `WindowExtWindows::set_undecorated_shadow` and `WindowBuilderExtWindows::with_undecorated_shadow` to draw the drop shadow behind a borderless window.
- On Windows, fixed default window features (ie snap, animations, shake, etc.) when decorations are disabled.
- On macOS, add support for two-finger touchpad magnification and rotation gestures with new events `WindowEvent::TouchpadMagnify` and `WindowEvent::TouchpadRotate`.

> - On Wayland, `wayland-csd-adwaita` now uses `ab_glyph` instead of `crossfont` to render the title for fallback CSD.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- On Wayland, `wayland-csd-adwaita` now uses `ab_glyph` instead of `crossfont` to render the title for decorations.
```

Author: I think you meant to remove the "to render the title" part too?

Reviewer: Nah, title is fine, since that's how they differ.

Author: Sure, that makes sense.
Done!

> - On Wayland, a new `wayland-csd-adwaita-crossfont` feature was added to use `crossfont` instead of `ab_glyph` to render the title for fallback CSD.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- On Wayland, a new `wayland-csd-adwaita-crossfont` feature was added to use `crossfont` instead of `ab_glyph` for decorations.
```

Author: Done.
